# Attributes

### Rarity (Combat Ratings) <a href="#6ffe" id="6ffe"></a>

* Totally 33 ratings 1/2, 1/3, 1/4, 1/6, 1/8, 1/10, 1, 2, 3, 4,…… 27
* Randomly generated by random algorithm

### Basic numbers <a href="#cce8" id="cce8"></a>

* Size
* Type
* Hit Dice(hp)

A size modifier applies to the creature’s Armor Class (AC) and attack bonus, as well as to certain skills. A creature’s size also determines how far it can reach to make a melee attack and how much space it occupies in a fight .

Monster has 15 major types.They are _Aberration, Animal, Construct, Dragon, Elemental, Fey, Giant, Humanoid, Magical Beast, Monstrous Humanoid, Ooze, Outsider, Plant, Undead, Vermin_.

### Abilities <a href="#6bd2" id="6bd2"></a>

* Strength
* Dexterity
* Constitution
* Intelligence
* Wisdom
* Charisma

#### **Strength(Str)**

Quadrupeds can carry heavier loads than bipeds can. Any creature with four or more motive limbs can carry a load as a quadruped, even if it does not necessarily use all the limbs at once.

#### Dexterity (Dex) <a href="#dexteritydex" id="dexteritydex"></a>

Dexterity measures hand-eye coordination, agility, reflexes, and balance.

#### Constitution (Con) <a href="#constitutioncon" id="constitutioncon"></a>

Constitution represents your character’s health and stamina.

#### Intelligence (Int) <a href="#intelligenceint" id="intelligenceint"></a>

Intelligence determines how well your character learns and reasons.

#### Wisdom (Wis)

Wisdom describes a character’s willpower, common sense, perception, and intuition. While Intelligence represents one’s ability to analyze information, Wisdom represents being in tune with and aware of one’s surroundings.

#### Charisma (Cha) <a href="#charismacha" id="charismacha"></a>

Charisma measures a character’s force of personality, persuasiveness, personal magnetism, ability to lead, and physical attractiveness. This ability represents actual strength of personality, not merely how one is perceived by others in a social setting.

#### Nonabilities&#x20;

Some creatures lack certain ability scores. These creatures do not have an ability score of 0—they lack the ability altogether. The modifier for a nonability is +0.

###
